Add README (#2)
swissgrc/docker-azure-pipelines-terraform: README.md

# Docker image for running Terraform commands in Azure Pipelines container job

> Docker image for running Terraform commands in an Azure Pipelines container job

Reviewer: Remove this line, as same information comes after the badges

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/swissgrc/docker-azure-pipelines-terraform/blob/main/LICENSE) [![Build](https://img.shields.io/docker/cloud/build/swissgrc/azure-pipelines-terraform.svg?style=flat-square)](https://hub.docker.com/r/swissgrc/azure-pipelines-terraform/builds) [![Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/swissgrc/azure-pipelines-terraform.svg?style=flat-square)](https://hub.docker.com/r/swissgrc/azure-pipelines-terraform) [![Stars](https://img.shields.io/docker/stars/swissgrc/azure-pipelines-terraform.svg?style=flat-square)](https://hub.docker.com/r/swissgrc/azure-pipelines-terraform)

Docker image to run Terraform commands in [Azure Pipelines container jobs].

## Usage

> This container can be used to run Terraform commands in [Azure Pipelines container jobs].

Reviewer: I would add here a sentence that the image also comes with Azure CLI installed.

### Azure Pipelines Container Job

To use the image in an Azure Pipelines Container Job add the following task use it with the `container` property.

The following example shows the container used for a deployment step

```yaml
  - stage: deploy
    jobs:
      - deployment: planTerraform
        container: swissgrc/azure-pipelines-terraform:latest
        environment: smarthotel-dev
        strategy:
          runOnce:
            deploy:
              steps:
                - bash: |

>                     az login -u $AZURE_USERNAME -p $AZURE_PASSWORD

Reviewer: I would suggest to show two examples. One just for calling a Terraform command. And a second one which also calls `az login` for a Terraform script which uses the Azure Provider. In the second example when we call `az login` I would explain that it requires two secret variables and then we should also add the `env` block for passing the variables to the example.

|----------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| latest   | Latest stable release (from `main` branch)                                              | ![Docker Image Size (tag)](https://img.shields.io/docker/image-size/swissgrc/azure-pipelines-terraform/latest?style=flat-square)   |
| unstable | Latest unstable release (from `develop` branch)                                         | ![Docker Image Size (tag)](https://img.shields.io/docker/image-size/swissgrc/azure-pipelines-terraform/unstable?style=flat-square) |

### Configuration

These environment variables are supported:

| Environment variable | Default value | Description                 |
|----------------------|---------------|-----------------------------|
| AZURECLI_VERSION     | `2.9.1`       | Version of Azure CLI to use.|

> | NODE_VERSION         | `15.8.0`      | Version of Node to use.     |

Reviewer: For the Helm chart we didn't mention the `NODE_VERSION` and `YARN_VERSION` arguments (as they are in the base image and only used for Azure Pipelines integration). We should either add it for [azure-pipelines-helm](https://github.com/swissgrc/docker-azure-pipelines-helm#configuration) image too, or remove here.

# Docker image for running Terraform commands in Azure Pipelines container job

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/swissgrc/docker-azure-pipelines-terraform/blob/main/LICENSE) [![Build](https://img.shields.io/docker/cloud/build/swissgrc/azure-pipelines-terraform.svg?style=flat-square)](https://hub.docker.com/r/swissgrc/azure-pipelines-terraform/builds) [![Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/swissgrc/azure-pipelines-terraform.svg?style=flat-square)](https://hub.docker.com/r/swissgrc/azure-pipelines-terraform) [![Stars](https://img.shields.io/docker/stars/swissgrc/azure-pipelines-terraform.svg?style=flat-square)](https://hub.docker.com/r/swissgrc/azure-pipelines-terraform)

Docker image to run Terraform commands in [Azure Pipelines container jobs].

## Usage

> This container can be used to run Terraform commands in [Azure Pipelines container jobs]. For executing Azure command Azure CLI is included as well.

Reviewer: Typo. Also we should call it image not container (a container is a running instance)

```suggestion
This image can be used to run Terraform commands in [Azure Pipelines container jobs]. For executing Azure commands Azure CLI is included as well.
```

### Azure Pipelines Container Job

To use the image in an Azure Pipelines Container Job, add one of the following example tasks and use it with the `container` property.

The following example shows the container used for a deployment step with a Terraform command

```yaml
  - stage: deploy
    jobs:
      - deployment: planTerraform
        container: swissgrc/azure-pipelines-terraform:latest
        environment: smarthotel-dev
        strategy:
          runOnce:
            deploy:
              steps:
                - bash: |
                    terraform init -backend-config=./config/dev_backend.tfvars
```

> The following example defines a deployment with the container using az login before calling Terraform commands.

Reviewer: You can format `az login` as code:

```suggestion
The following example defines a deployment with the container using `az login` before calling Terraform commands.
```

> Note that the two secret variables ($AZURE_USERNAME and $AZURE_PASSWORD) are passed into by the env block.

Reviewer: The variables which are passed are called `Azure.UserName` and `Azure.Password` (`$AZURE_USERNAME` is to get the value of the environment variable inside the bash task)

```suggestion
Note that two secret variables (`Azure.UserName` and `Azure.Password`) are passed to the task by the env block.
```
